[docs] Clarify how optional SQL vars work (#42490)
metabase/metabase: docs/questions/native-editor/sql-parameters.md

You can make a clause optional in a query. For example, you can create an optional `WHERE` clause that contains a SQL variable, so that if no value is supplied to the variable (either in the filter or via the URL), the query will still run as if there were no `WHERE` clause.

> To make a clause optional in your native query, put `[[ .. ]]` brackets around a clause with the optional `{% raw %}{{variable}}{% endraw %}`. If you input a value in the filter widget for the `variable`, then the entire clause is placed into the template; otherwise Metabase will ignore the clause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make a variable optional in your native query, put `[[ .. ]]` brackets around the entire clause containing the `{% raw %}{{variable}}{% endraw %}`. If someone inputs a value in the filter widget for the `variable`, Metabase will place the clause in the template; otherwise Metabase will ignore the clause and run the query as though the clause didn't exist.
```

SELECT
  count(*)
FROM
  products
[[WHERE category = {{cat}}]]
{% endraw %}
```

> ### Your SQL should run without the optional clause in `[[ ]]`

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
### Your SQL must also be able to run without the optional clause in `[[ ]]`
```

Longer, but a little more clear.

> You need to make sure that your SQL is still valid when the clause inside `[[ ]]` is not included in the query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to make sure that your SQL is still valid when no value is passed to the variable in the bracketed clause.
```

> For example, this will cause an error if there's no value given for `cat`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, excluding the `WHERE` keyword from the bracketed clause will cause an error if there's no value given for `cat`:
```

```
-- this will cause an error:
{% raw %}
SELECT
  count(*)
FROM
  products
WHERE
  [[category = {{cat}}]]
{% endraw %}
```

That's because when no value is given for `cat`, Metabase will try to execute SQL as if the clause in `[[ ]]` didn't exist:

```
SELECT
  count(*)
FROM
  products
WHERE
```

which is not a valid SQL query.

Instead, put the entire `WHERE` clause in `[[ ]]`:

```
{% raw %}
SELECT
  count(*)
FROM
  products
[[WHERE
  category = {{cat}}]]
{% endraw %}
```

> When there's no value given for `cat`, Metabase will just execute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When there's no value given for `cat`, Metabase will just execute:
```
